# Intention
I intend to produce a short photography zine that tells the story of a teenage who becomes engulfed in the world of professional skateboarding, obsessing over a single trick, unbeknownst to the alienation of his friends and the destruction of their relationships. This narrative will be conveyed in the coming of age / drama genres with a heavily stylised look resembling that of the old school skate videos and magazines that the protagonist aims to be featured in. My zine will be produced to engage an audience of teenagers / young adults that relate to the themes and topics of the dramatic skateboarding focused narrative. Stylistically the zine will represent the skateboarding of the narrative in a manner true to past and current image employing production techniques classically used by film makers of the time with the intended effect of having the audience perceive the final product in a similar manner. 
# Audience
My target audience is VCE students / teenagers who are engaged with the coming of age / drama genres and the visual style of golden age skateboarding media produced on late 90s / early 00s hardware. My zine will be roughly 16 pages to ensure its contents are short and easy to read for its young audience, however the content of the zine should provide great depth to the narrative for readers notably engaged with the genre allowing for further interpretation of the narrative. The audience I indent to engage with my final media product should relate to the skateboarding centralised themes and topics of the narrative in addition to the drama genres its story is conveyed with.
# Style & Genre
My media product will be a coming of age drama narrative in the form of a printed zine. I've seen these genres produced in media products the follow a similar theme / style to my narrative on a minimal budget, hence I have found it to be the most appropriate path to follow in the production of my zine. These genres often stylistically are a product of their minimal budget, using old hardware with 3CCD sensors that add a level of grain and imperfection to the final image, for my zine I will opt to use 35mm film to recreate this effect through photography to provide authentic imperfection to the final product. Using this film for my photography will additionally provide a stylistic colour profile produced in the camera. 

The coming of age genre features a narrative that primarily focuses on the growth and maturing of the protagonist and emphasises discussion and relationships between characters over action and suspense typical of most genres. These tropes inherently tie into the drama genre containing tropes of fictional sensationalised relationships and disagreements between the narratives characters. Between these genres they share various common tropes such as; the use of lighting and colour grading to promote emphasis of emotion in pivotal scenes, sudden key change in the protagonists life and (anti) happily ever after endings.
# Techniques of Engagement
I will use style and mise en scene as my primary methods of audience engagement for my zine. I have opted to use mise en scene specifically as my product will prominently consist of photography meaning that the engaging features of the zine need to be conveyed in still frames. Mise en scene historically has been used to achieve this as the props and elements each frame contains can create eye catching focal points and intrigue the viewer allow me to convey depth to the narrative of the zine without dialogue or motion. Style of the zine will be my focus for initially engaging the reader with the narrative through the construction of a unique visual style. This style should have elements resembling that of media products featuring similar themes / narratives to my zine, by employing this technique I aim to capture an audience who will further engage with the story and messaging conveyed throughout the zine. Furthermore
# Codes & Conventions
# Narrative
In the heart of Melbourne city a teenaged protagonist has found great excitement in the world of skateboarding with a group of friends. The protagonist finds the challenge and creativity of the hobby rewarding as he delves further into the community watching skateboarding videos and reading local magazines, he dreams of one day becoming a professional skateboarder.

The protagonist is proposed the idea of having their skateboarding filmed with a camera one of their friends recently purchased in hopes of getting recognition among the competitive community of skateboarding. This idea starts as a small project for the group as they skate the classic spots around the city, until one day the protagonist imagines a risky trick they are convinced will impress team managers enough to invite him as a professional. This thought becomes an obsession for the protagonist as he begins training every day, studying skate videos and skating more frequently in hopes of landing the trick.

Becoming a professional skateboards begins to overshadow everything in the protagonists life as he skips other activities with his friends to continue attempting this trick. With less and less friends by his side in their skate sessions the protagonist becomes ignorant to alienation of those around him and the fading relationships as it becomes apparent to his friends that all he obsesses over is a single skate trick. The enjoyment and community of the hobby starts to fade for the protagonist as he grows to despise the hobby, yet he wont let himself quit attempting to land this fabled skate trick.

In frustration the protagonist begins the push himself beyond his limits, throwing himself into the trick in hopes of finally achieving his goal. By now all those around him but the filmer have left, annoyed by the little value their friendships mean to the protagonist, yet his obsession has left him blinded to the surrounding sentiment. This climaxes in a dangerous attempt of the trick in which the protagonist crashes onto the concrete breaking his wrist, with little option he's forced to take time off skating for recovery. Although this time off only grows his obsession of the trick as he analyses more skateboarding footage the trick feels so close, yet so far away.

Fed up with recovery the protagonist decides to cut it short, lobbying his friend to come filming only to be met with concerns for his health. Unphased he sneaks out of the house to resume his attempts in the silent and empty space he had once shared in good times with friends. With no camera the protagonist is determined to land the trick, no longer for community approval, but to satisfy his own unbearable obsession. After many attempts his efforts are successful, as he rolls away from the trick a he feels a sense of great euphoria, only to be immediately contrasted by the the sombre realisation of the damage he's caused to not only himself but the friends who's approval he initially craved.

The teens story concludes as he lays on the ground in unbearable pain from the injuries sustained throughout his quest and misery in the realisation all his efforts amounted to no benefit, only the destruction of his relationships and health.
# Treatment
- logline
- characters
- synopsis (acts)
# Storyboard / Composition
# Locations
# Props
# Character Descriptions
# Costume
# Cast
# Distribution
# Presentation
# Production Schedule