<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: row;">
<div style="text-align: center; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">
	<h2>Traditional Media</h2>
	<h3>Audience Relationships</h3>
	<h3>Anti-Competition</h3>
	<h3>Regulation</h3>
	<h2>The Advent of TikTok</h2>
	<h3>Audience Production</h3>
	<h3>Issues of Regulation</h3>
</div>
</div>
# Traditional Media
Historically media has been a finite source of content for audiences to receive information, news and messages from producers through early methods of communication such as newsprint, radio, film and television, all defining features of the broadcast era. This era represents the time before widespread popularity and access to the Internet over highspeed connections capable of transferring the large amounts of data that make up todays media landscape. 

Named after the technology of the time following the invention of modern broadcasting equipment, media access in the broadcast era became some of the first widely available low latency information transfer the world had seen. This was quickly adopted by production studios to capture large shares of the market divided into sections of the then limited transmission wavelength frequencies.
## Audience Relationships
Although widely available, consumer equipment of the time still came with a hefty price tag, creating a barrier to entry for consumers to view media and with an even higher cost,  a giant barrier to entry for producers and production companies of the time to setup studios capable of transmitting to audiences. This led to a dynamic of trust been formed between producers and audiences, who had no ability to share their own and had very little to no say in the content being published, over the authenticity of information being put out by producers. Moreover producers had to monetize their productions by offering advertising slots in between scheduled programming, partners in which would hold these producers accountable to keeping their content in the best interest of the viewer or audience. 
## Anti-Competition
Part of this one way relationship between producers and audiences of the time came it part from the monopolisation and anti-competitive practices production companies and media organisations utilised during the traditional broadcast era. This came in the form of local and state level broadcasters holding licences to large sections of transmission frequencies, allowing them to push social and political messages to the population of the region with little debate or contest due to the limited discussion accessible for audiences to converse critically of promoted ideals within published media. Additionally small producers creating media promoting emerging views with little investment or capital funding were often pushed out of the industry by large organisations.
## Regulation
Traditionally governments and regulating bodies have had a great deal of oversight in the production of media in order to protect the interests of audiences and hold production companies and media organisations accountable to the content they publish. This regulation has been harsh with large fines and penalties handed out to producers to punish and prevent the spread of misinformation, harmful content or messaging deemed dangerous under newly created legislation. Historically these measures have proved effective in the regulation of media throughout the broadcast era, although never definitively combatting anti-competitive practices of the time.
# The Advent of TikTok
As the media landscape has transitioned from traditional forms of media and industry structure to that of the modern web 2.0 a key change in the way media is consumed and produced has come around from the dot com boom in the form of social media websites and services. These platforms have allowed users to create, share and discuss media at little to no cost on widely available and cheaply produced hardware, leading to a huge influx of fresh content available across the internet, promoting a shift in the way audiences interact with producers and posing concerning issues to the way regulators effectively oversee the publication of media.

One of the biggest social media platform influences on this trend, only being released globally in 2016, is TikTok, an app produced by the Chinese internet giant ByteDance. TikTok is a short form video app that promotes user generated content through an algorithm designed to create viral trends, helping it grow to 1.8 billion active monthly users and in recent years consistently outrank the search engine google.com as the number one website globally. However due to its origins from a company in which the Chinese Communist Party hold a 1% golden share, allowing them to make decisions as a majority share holder, the platform has found itself under scrutiny for its difficulty to regulate and hold accountable.
## Audience Production
The shift seen from traditional media to web 2.0 is characterised by the power that what once was a traditional audience now hold to create and share media to the same population once captured exclusively my production companies and media groups, incentivised to turn a profit. Tiktok's role in this in the modern media landscape is clear as with almost a quarter of the worlds population in unique monthly active users and 34% of those who post videos doing so on a regular daily basis, in part due to its viral algorithm, the promotion of emerging views that challenge those of traditional media producers has skyrocketed with political or controversial content often globally reaching hundreds of millions of views.

This inexpensive, low effort, high volume production of media has forced producers to compete in the social media environment with adaptations of their traditionally long form content broken up into to condensed down to small clips or short form information dense content in an attempt to capture back their market share and retain their audiences. Beneficially this new dynamic between producers and audiences has shifted away from a previously seen system of trust, to one of accountability that insures against the spread of misinformation from prominent media outlets. However as highlighted by the legal scrutiny of TikTok as a social media platform, the masses of unreviewed, cheap content designed to be pushed out by the platforms algorithm often leads to the large scale spread of harmful content to audiences without any known producer to be held accountable, commonly publishing content under an alias to maintain their anonymity.
## Issues of Regulation
With the advent of Web 2.0 and the rise of social media platforms in the transition away from traditional media various challenges have been posed to the legal regulatory systems developed throughout the broadcast era and how they're applied to the fast moving digital media landscape of the modern day. A primary concern of the way audiances