
Renowned American actor and comedian Jordan Peele's debut film "Get Out" released in 2017 instantly becoming a worldwide success telling the captivating story of one mans escape from a mind controlling cult that preys on young African-Americans in an non-traditional take on the horror genre. Peele's film not only conveys its critically acclaimed narrative but also provides insightful themes and commentary that have sparked conversation about the state of race relations and prejudice across not only America but internationally. "Get Out" has been praised as a stark product of of its environment due to Peele's initiative throughout production to provide imitation of real world injustices that eerily reinforce the films narrative and themes that distinctly reflect the social affairs of its time.

"Get Out" tells the story of an African-American man, Chris, who takes a weekend getaway with his girlfriend, Rose, to upstate New York to meet her parents for the first time. Upon arrival Rose's mother, Missy, pressures Chris into a hypnotherapy session to help him combat his smoking addiction, this leads to Missy conducting hypnosis to put Chris into the "sunken place" where he's locked into his body, unable to move or speak. After recovering from the hypnosis Chris and Rose attend the families annual lunch party with dozens of wealthy white people, during which Chris is put off by other attendants offhanded comments about his ethnicity and skin colour throughout conversation foreshadowing the real intentions of the event. Nearing the end of the party Chris comes across another young African-American attendee, thinking he recognises the man as his old friend, Logan, Chris attempts to secretly take a photo of him to send to another friend when his flash accidentally goes off causing Logan to break his hypnosis and yell at Chris to "Get Out" before being dragged away. Off-put by these events and warnings from the friend he was messaging Chris decides to cut the getaway short and return home, only to be ambushed by Missy who uses her hypnotic trigger to send Chris back to the "sunken place". Upon awakening Chris finds himself strapped to a chair in the basement with a TV in front of him revealing that the people from the party were actually in attendance to bid on his body and he would undertake surgery to transfer the highest bidders conscious into his body where he would spend the rest of his life in the sunken place. As the surgeon comes to take Chris to the operation room it's revealed that Chris had plugged his ears to combat the hypnosis letting him free himself the chair and attack the surgeon to begin his escape, Chris flees in the first car he finds killing Missy, Rose's grandmother and Rose before using his flash to once again free Logan who ultimately decides to take his own life in fear of being hypnotised once again.

"Get Out" was box office success from its initial release being widely praised for its complex nuanced narrative and representation of prejudice that everyday African-Americans face. Despite Peele's debut film being produced on a tiny budget of $4.5 Million USD it saw outstanding success generating $225.4 Million USD in box office sales. In addition to the films commercial success "Get Out" received exceptional reviews from prominent outlets such as a 7.8 from IMDB or even a 98% from Rotten Tomatoes. Following the release of the film Peele received countless nominations for various renowned award ceremonies winning several for categories of "Best Screenplay", "Best Director", and "Best Film".

Peele's film tackles and provides subtle commentary on the tense state of race relations at the time of production, conveying many of these themes through the off-putting horror that frames the film. Tones of casual or subtle racism are often echoed throughout the film representing the real intentions of guilty characters and propagating conversation among viewers as they are inspired to question their own views and norms. "Get Out" provides commentary on this theme of racism through its horror genre by building suspense around prejudicial confrontations directed at Chris that resonated with viewers of the time creating a sense of unease that provides the vulnerability typical of the genre. Scenery throughout the film draws distinct resemblances to that displayed in imagery of America at the height of slavery, introducing the topic as a key theme of the film that sets the stage for Peele to explore ideas of control and alienation in marginalised characters within the narrative. This connection and representation closely reflected the emerging views of the time as slavery reform had arisen as a greatly contentious topic during the time of production, creating further nuance to the story while promoting discussion among viewers and critics of Peele's messaging.

Codes of colour and mise en scene are thoroughly utilised by Peele to convey a sense of alienation and exclusion towards Chris by introducing his character with various blue and cool tones contrasting to the family or cults heavy use of red attire and warm tones exhibited all throughout the house even opting for brown furnishings to further this idea of institutionalism within the family. These tones are chosen for Chris to represent 

