hIf we don't protest we will never see change. This message has been echoed frequently over the last century following the rise of large growth in protests and public demonstrations from marginalised groups pushing to enact change. A standout instance of this push within Australia is the 1978 Sydney Mardi Gras when for the first time in Australian history thousands of the LGBTQ community gathered in the streets of Sydney city as a parade to protest for recognition and rights for their community. This parade was met with harsh backlash from the public and law enforcement at the time but has ultimately led to the furthering of their movement within Australia.

The 1978 Sydney Mardi Gras was organised by the gay solidarity group consisting of a daytime march and evening parade. The parade led down Oxford street in the heart of Sydney's city but was blocked by police, confiscating equipment used for the parade. Determined to continue the participants redirected the march but were surrounded as the parade came to an end when they were swarmed by police, arresting 53 participants, brutally assaulting many more and conducting the further arrests of another 125 participants. Following the Mardi Gras the Sydney Morning Herald published the names and identities of all those that were arrested by police sparking outrage within the LGBTQ community as many of those outed lost their jobs, were disowned by their families and sadly took their own life.

After the ordeal had concluded many members of the LGBTQ community fought the charges laid against participants leading to a ruling from the courts that the arrests were conducted "unlawfully" and all charges to be dropped against the victims. This ruling led to the easing of protest laws across Australia, providing the legal protection for modern demonstrations to operate under and setting the stage for the Mardi Gras to continue as an annual event. In addition to these legal changes the 1978 parade has led to a shift in public opinion surrounding protest in Australia as demonstrations from marginalised groups have gained social acceptance and support as a way to promote change throughout the country.

