Students and fellow protestors, I stand here today in remembrance of those in out group who have fallen to the corrupt governments disgraceful massacre at Tiananmen square over the past week. Out fight is no yet over despite the best efforts of corrupt politicians to censor our cause through intimidation, violence and illegal searches to track down fellow leaders, such as myself. Those of us who perished in the square will forever be a beacon of hope across the world of centuries to come as in the face of atrocious violence they stood in protest to fight the corruption that plagues our country and advocate against the nations disgraceful censorship for the benefit of our people.

We protested peacefully with pure intent to advocate a better life for all Chinese people as we move further and further from the fall of Mao Zedong and the terror inflicted on our people. We pushed for the funding of our and future generations education to breed opportunity throughout the country as our nations great economic boom has only lined the pockets of 'politicians' in power. We fought for free speech and the privatisation of news and media so the Chinese people can stay informed of issues they are effected by and here the true stories of those suffering across the country. We tirelessly advocated reforms to our tyrannical leadership so to finally put a stop to the endless corruption we've witnessed throughout our "government" and its devastating effects upon the nations citizens. We fought to hold our leaders accountable to their actions behind closed doors that's consequences so often have left the working man to suffer. We stood as a beacon of hope across the country, yet the government responded with a violent campaign to turn us into a tombstone.

The horrendous violence the unleashed upon us stands as a testament to the great movement of change we have enacted, and to the tyrants who wish to exterminate us I say, 'You may tred us in the very dirt, but still, like dust, we'll rise'. As the tanks rolled through the square many a courageous protestor fought back in an impossible stand, not to inflict harm or create divide, but to create hope for all those aligned with out cause and for years to come let that hope drive our fight as we push back on the crushing rule of our counties leaders. We now must fight back against the violent censorship they are imposing on our story of hope, we must spread our tale of the malicious massacre we were so lucky to survive to see it is not lost in time and for centuries to come we will remember the despicable actions our government perpetuated against their own people.

 Across the world our story and the memory of those less fortunate must be honoured in history as a beacon of hope as to overshadow the devastating actions of our once great nations corrupt government and stand to inspire the future generations we fought to benefit. The strength of those fallen in pure intention must never be forgotten despite and efforts of the tyrants that torture us, we must spread our cause far and wide to honour all those we have lost in its journey. The historic events we have lived must not be remembered as a tragic defeat for the students and protestors of Tiananmen square, but as a great milestone of hope in our mission to create a better life for all across China and should inspire other around the globe to take action, to fight for a beneficial cause. For 'All things are difficult until they are easy,' our and our fallen fellows actions have opened the door for future generation to take charge and carry on our fight until our country is rid of corruption that currently plagues it.

In mourning of our fellow student and protestor we honour their greatest sacrifice, to protest, to advocate and to make a stand, I ask you to join me in a vow to continue their legacy and continue protest for our cause in their honour. Their memories will forever bring hope to our people, through demonstration, through violence and even past death they will be remembered as a beacon of hope for all protestors alike. Let us carry forward their legacy of resilience, determination and strive for change, being the fuel of this beacon that serves to light a hopeful path for the future protestor and become a symbol of grateful reflection for all their sacrifice.