## Introduction
Over the past decade we have seen the historic rise of AI technology from simple chatbots, to image recognition, and now seemingly a goldmine of endless capabilities, yet our perception of this modern marvel has been skewed by popular culture and more than ever the misunderstanding of artificial intelligence, its capabilities and in turn its dangers is at an all time high among Australians. The craze we've witnessed surrounding this magical technology has been fuelled by sensationalised depictions in media and the lack of comprehensive education on the subject, allowing consumers to be fed misinformation and form a widespread mistrust across the country.

## Argument 1
Many of the public's first exposure to the concept of artificial intelligence has been through its portrayal in science fiction media where it is depicted in a form known as artificial general intelligence or AGI. This AI is capable of comprehending complex concepts and forming independent thoughts, achieving this advancement is widely considered to be the end goal of AI development. Many leaders in the field, such as polarising CEO of Tesla an ex-partner in OpenAI, have been extremely vocal of their predicted timelines to achieve AGI as soon as 2029, citing speculation of artificial intelligence future exponential growth following rapid advancement over the last decade. This speculation has caused a modern gold rush of adopting and investing in the latest AI technologies so to not be left behind.

However recent research and the trends of similar past phenomena have shown with a high degree of certainty that current methods of development cannot achieve AGI, moreover cannot even reasonably sustain its current rate of growth. A renowned phenomenon observed by and named after Intel co-founder, Gordon Moore, stated  'The number of transistors in an integrated circuit, \[or computer chip], will double every year,'  due to a historical trend of transistor size reduction. This was later revised to every two years, from which its projection remained true for many years, however at the height of its speculation in 2005 Moore admitted the trend was not sustainable and failed to recognise physical limitations of production. This would be realised in recent years as development of hardware powering modern AI technology significantly significantly slowed causing an almost plateau in recent advancements. 

The phenomenon of advancement in search of AGI perpetrated through popular culture has further been opposed recently through a renowned research paper published by 'Avixr' into the sustainability of AI growth. The paper concluded that AI's primary means for advancement, training data, will almost certainly limit the abilities of AI within the near future. Analysis conducted revealed that in order to train any speculated AGI five to six orders of magnitude more training data produced by humans would be required to even come near the goal, moreover if our current AI continued to advance at its speculated exponential rate all existing training data would be exhausted by the year 2028. This research and analysis of historical growth sustainability has show the uncertainty and baselessness of these proposed timelines and predictions that are advertised to consumers with the promise of AGI. Furthermore the imagery used of extraordinary Intelligence has only perpetrated hysteria similar to that at the time of early computer chip development, skewing public perception of the technology and its dangers.

## Argument 2

