The 1978 Sydney Mardi Gras stands as historic moment is Australian history, proving the power of protest in shaping democracy, echoing Howard Zinn's exclamation that "Protest beyond the law is not a departure from democracy; its is absolutely essential to it." The march, the first of its kind nationwide, has become a historic event for not only the LGBTQ community, but all Australians as its promotion of protest in the face of authority has forever changed the way we view and protest for change in modern Australia.

The 1978 Sydney Mardi Gras was a march and parade was organised in solidarity with similar communities around the world on the anniversary of the 1969 stonewall riots in New York to advocate for the rights and recognition of the cities growing LGBTQ community at a time in which they faced great prejudice. The parade led down busy Sydney streets with thousands of participants who throughout the evening were being redirected by police with barricades until they reached a dead end where they were swarmed by police, arresting 53 participants and brutally assaulting countless more as they took a stand to preach their message. Following the ordeal a local newspaper, the Sydney Morning Herald, published the identities and personal information of all 53 arrested participants causing many to loose their jobs, be outed to their families or even sadly take their own life out of shame. This sparked further outrage within the community leading to the "Drop the Charges" protests against the prosecutors leading to the arrests of another 129 participants.

With the help of many top lawyers working pro-bono all charges were dropped against the protestors with the courts ruling that police had acted "unlawfully" during their operation. Additionally the result of this high profile case led to the loosening of laws surrounding public demonstrations and protests around the country. These results have shifted public perception of protestors as the "78ers" proved with their stand against the law that the democratic system will prevail, enticing similar marginalised groups to make a stand and cementing the Sydney Mardi Gras as an endorsed annual event in the years following

This expression to power and public has shown great significance across Australia as by speaking their truth, opinion and law surrounding the LGBTQ community begun to see real change, despite the perceived injustices of the time that were committed to further their cause. Modern day Australians benefit from, but not often enough reflect and learn from the events of 1978. As they often protest under the legal protections, enacted in the wake of the Mardi Gras, to speak their truth the change caused by the "78ers" was a result of protesting "Beyond the law" as "It is absolutely essential to insight democracy" for their cause.

The significance of the 1978 Sydney Mardi Gras has forever left a mark on Australias 